Previously
on Yu-Gi! VRAINS...
Someone went
after The Queen,
SOL Tech's top executive
and put her out of commission.
The culprit executed
the assault
by hacking one of SOL Tech's
SOLtiS androids...
The culprit stole
the Queen's code key
in order to gain control
of SOL Tech's mainframe.
You see, there are
two code keys that exist.
And the second one is with me.
And you want us
to protect you
so that your key
won't get stolen.
Do you have any clue
who this culprit is?
See for yourself.
Hi!
Whaaat's up?!
To think we were once
working on the same team,
meatbag.
On the same team?
It's me!
Ai!
Those meatbags don't
want us to reach Zaizen.
They have that entire
place sealed up
tighter than
a paint can.
(gasps)
They split
into three!
But I thought we just had
to worry about Ai and Roboppi.
There's three
of it!
(All)
Let's duel!
(Kolter)
Two new blips on the radar!
Is that the real Ai?
It is indeed!
And the three of us
are Ai's decoys.
No!
Emma and The Shepherd lost!
I have even more bad news.
Ai defeated Faust
and Spectre too!
The only one left
in their squad is Gore.
(Both)
Time to duel!
♪♪♪
(Gore)
It's my turn!
I summon... GOUKI SUPREX!
SUPREX's ability
also lets me summon GOUKI GUTS!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 GOUKI HEEL OGRE!
Since I sent GOUKI GUTS
and RISCORPIO to the graveyard,
I get to draw two GOUKI cards
from my deck.
Next I activate GOUKI RE-MATCH!
It resummons GOUKI GUTS
and GOUKI TWISTCOBRA!
Then GUTS's ability activates...
But I can use my HEEL OGRE
to stop that ability
and also destroy it.
However, I get to bring back
a GOUKI Link Monster
from my graveyard!
GOUKI THE MASTER OGRE!
(grunts)
I think it's rude that you'd
bring back a monster
that I worked
so hard to destroy!
I'm a rude dude!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 GOUKI JET OGRE!
Since I used GOUKI SUPREX
to Link Summon,
its special ability lets me
draw GOUKI DIVER!
And I'll keep
the Link Summonin' goin'!
Link 3 GOUKI THUNDER OGRE!
Huh.
Unlike when I stare
in the mirror,
this isn't looking good for me.
You that right, bub,
and since I sent TWISTCOBRA
to the graveyard...
I get to draw another GOUKI.
Next, JET OGRE's special ability
activates from my graveyard,
increasing the attack points
of all the GOUKIS on my field
by 500 until the end
of the turn!
And I'm still not done.
In fact,
I'm only gettin' started!
I'm summonin' a monster
right next
to THUNDER OGRE's link!
GOUKI SUPREX!
Then SUPREX uses its ability
so that it can tag in
its partner.
GOUKI DIVER!
And with it
I'll mash up my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require two or more GOUKIS.
So I set GOUKI DIVER
and GOUKI THUNDER OGRE
in the Link Arrows!
Time to bring the power!
And the power
unleashes the pain!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 GOUKI THE POWERLOAD OGRE!
What?
A new Link 4 monster?
And when this powerhouse
is Link Summoned,
it's immune to all special
abilities other than its own.
Then my DIVER's
ability activates!
It lets me draw
another GOUKI from my deck
and add it to my hand.
Then POWERLOAD
does its own thing!
For every Link Arrow
that my other GOUKIS have,
POWERLOAD gains
200 attack points!
I'll follow that up
with a spell!
GOUKI FACE TURN destroys
one of my GOUKIS.
Like my GOUKI SUPREX here.
But in exchange,
I get to resummon a GOUKI
from my graveyard.
Come on back!
THUNDER OGRE!
(roars)
Now I can use
POWERLOAD OGRE's third ability!
By tributing a Link Monster
I get to destroy
a card on the field
for every link that it has!
(grunts)
I tribute my Link 3
GOUKI THUNDER OGRE!
So I can now
destroy three cards!
Starting off with those
two paint splatters
you got there!
And I'll also tank
that facedown card!
(grunts)
(Gore)
Now all you got left
is that single DARK TEMPLAR.
And it ain't strong enough
to survive my attack!
That can't be right!
Oh wait, it can be
and it is right.
That's right!
MASTER OGRE's choppin' down
your DARK TEMPLAR!
Huh!
(grunts)
You've got no monsters
left to protect ya!
True but you don't have
to attack me, right?
Correct.
But I ain't the type
to show any mercy!
POWERLOAD!
End this duel!
(grunts)
Gore won!
Just incredible.
What?
How?
You got smoke
and dust all over me.
So tell me, Gore,
you paying for my dry cleaning?
How?
How do you have
any life points left, Ai?
Because I activated
the facedown card
that you destroyed
just a little bit ago.
What?
(Ai)
My facedown card
was A.I.'S HYMN.
And by banishing it
from my graveyard...
I regain 200 life points
for every @IGNISTER
that is in my graveyard.
Since there are four
@IGNISTERS in my graveyard,
I regained 800 life points,
which was just baaaarely enough
to keep me tick tock ticking.
Thanks for destroying
my trap card, Gore.
Or I would've already lost.
(grunts)
Ai's skills are greater
than I estimated.
I guess I gotta end my turn.
And that means
MASTER OGRE's attack points
fall back down to 2800.
Phew!
I really thought
you had me there, Gore.
But I'm glad to know
when push comes to shove,
I can still count on you
to make the wrong call.
My turn.
I draw!
I activate the spell card
A.I.DLE REBORN!
It revives an @IGNISTER
from my graveyard.
Come back, DOSHIN!
Now use your ability!
By returning
DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER
from my graveyard
to my Extra Deck,
I get to add A.I. LOVE FUSION
to my hand.
And then...
I play it immediately!
This spell card allows me
to Fusion Summon,
not just using my monsters,
but also by using
your Link Monster,
as long as it's Attribute
is Earth.
Huh.
That sounds like a good plan
but that spell
can't affect my POWERLOAD OGRE.
That's not the one I'm eyeing...
I fuse my DOSHIN
with your MASTER OGRE!
When tectonic plates collide,
mountains erupt
over the horizon!
I Fusion Summon!
EARTH GOLEM @IGNISTER!
You say EARTH GOLEM?
Yes, that's right.
It's in tribute
to my fallen friend.
The one who'll end you!
Since MASTER OGRE's
not on my field anymore
POWERLOAD OGRE loses
800 attack points.
EARTH GOLEM @IGNISTER,
it's s time to attack
POWERLOAD OGRE!
And for extra sauce,
my EARTH GOLEM's attack points
are doubled during battle, Gore.
That means I'm not gonna
survive this attack!
Oh so you did do the math.
Wasn't sure that you could.
(grunts)
Now go!
Bolder Blast!
This how it's gonna end?
No way I'm goin' out like this!
By banishing GOUKI DIVER
from my graveyard,
I'm not gonna take
any damage from this battle!
But your POWERLOAD OGRE's
still destroyed.
But I have a counter to that!
My DIVER's additional ability
lowers your GOLEM's
attack points by 600...
and forces it to attack again!
So then you're
letting me attack again?
That means I'll win.
No, that's not
what it means, bub!
Because I can still
use my Skill, Ai!
Pain and Gain lets me resurrect
all of the GOUKIS that were
destroyed this turn!
So POWERLOAD OGRE's
back to fight!
So what.
You can keep
bringing them back,
and I'll just keep
knocking them down.
Go right on ahead!
I will.
EARTH GOLEM,
go and attack POWERLOAD OGRE!
And once again,
its attack points
double during battle!
Gore will take 600 points
of damage from this attack!
Life points that he
can't afford to lose!
Go, EARTH GOLEM!
Knock him out!
You fell right into my trap!
Say what?
I discard GOUKI DOUBLE IMPACT
to activate its ability!
By showing ya the GOUKI HEADBATT
that I have in my hand,
POWERLOAD OGRE gains
its attack points.
But you said POWERLOAD OGRE
is immune to all abilities
other than its own.
That's not what I said.
What I said was
POWERLOAD OGRE's immune
if it happened
to be Link Summoned.
I see.
You didn't Link Summon
this OGRE,
you used your Skill.
That's right.
So that means I can use
my DOUBLE IMPACT's ability
to power it up!
(grunts)
That one slight
detail tricked me!
Looks like it.
GOUKI HEADBATT has
800 attack points.
So POWERLOAD OGRE
powers up to 3600!
That is not cool.
Gore's monster
is 200 attack points
stronger than Ai's.
Which is the exact amount
of lfe point Ai has left.
It seems you stole victory
from the jaws of defeat.
I had you bamboozled
from the start
and caught ya in my trap!
So I didn't steal this victory,
I earned it!
But the thing about victories
is that I can steal it
right back from you!
And once you loosen
your grip for a moment,
you've already dropped the ball.
I activate A.I.DLE REBORN's
effect from my graveyard!
By banishing it along
with the IGNISTER
A.I.LAND in my hand,
I get to retrieve TA.I. STRIKE
back from my graveyard.
You used that to deal me
big time damage!
And I'm hitting the replay
button to do it again!
TA.I. STRIKE changes
my monster's attack points
to become the same
as your monster's.
So my EARTH GOLEM
and your OGRE become
equal in strength.
And if our monsters happen
to be destroyed in battle,
each of us are going
to take damage equal
to our own monster's
original attack points.
So that means we're
both gonna lose this duel.
C'mon now, Gore, get real.
Do I look like the type
that's willing to take an L?
So listen up cause
here's the 411,
my tenderized tenderloin.
Whenever I successfully
Fusion Summon EARTH GOLEM,
I can't take any damage
for the rest of the turn!
That can't
be right!
You're the only one who's going
to take damage from this battle
so not only do
I get the win,
but I also get
revenge for Earth.
Can't be.
This was excellently executed.
Now pummel 'em, EARTH GOLEM!
Boulder Blast!
Aah!
I truly wish the outcome didn't
have to be this way, Gore,
I truly do.
But I wish a lot of things
didn't have to be this way.
Oh no, Gore just got K.O'ed!
Now Ai has a straight shot
towards Zaizen!
And you three are the only ones
left who can stop 'em!
We have no time to waste!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
Attack him directly!
VIOLET CHIMERA, go!
Attack!
BORRELSWORD DRAGON end this!
You may have beat us,
but we did our job.
You won't get there in time,
Playmaker.
Let's hurry!
Uh...
So, you sure we're
in the right place?
Yes, I am.
But I kinda
expected this.
Do ya think they got scared
and logged out?
Maybe, but I really don't
believe that's the case.
There's more places
to hide in the network
than there are
out in the real world.
Unless...
Unless it's a location
in the real world
that no one can get to.
Too bad I'm not no one.
I know where they're hiding.
What gives?
No one's here.
This place is empty.
Did they all vanish
into thin air?
I can't speak
for the Ignis,
but Zaizen and Blue Maiden
were never here to begin with.
Say what?
They weren't?
They were digital holograms
sent from a secret location.
Then where's the real
Zaizen and Blue Maiden?
Somewhere safe where
no one can reach them.
39000 feet in the air.
You mean an airplane?
There's no place
more secure than 39000 feet
in the air above Den City.
I developed a special algorithm.
It cuts Zazien
from all exterior networks,
so the Ignis can't digitally
infiltrate the aircraft.
So there's no way the Ignis
can get to Zaizen.
Unless he boards
the airplane itself.
And what program can
actually do that?
I found you, Zaizen.
As the crew chief
on this flight,
I not only have to make sure
my future fiancé is safe,
but that his every need
is taken care of!
But I forgot if he prefers
pretzels or peanuts...
(loud noise)
What?
(screams)
(grunts)
Report!
What was that?
(Staff)
The cargo hold
has been breached!
Intruders aboard!
What intruders?
(Ai)
Me.
Hey, you're the guy
who attacked the queen!
How did you find us?
With just a lil'
bit of logic.
(sighs)
When I hacked
into the airport database,
I learned that a plane
owned by SOL Technologies
took off a mere hour
before I launched
my attack against Zaizen.
So I put two and two together
and here I am.
I've been waiting
for you.
Hey, you're the AI that
was in Gore's Duel Disk,
except you're
a jumbo sized version.
I am Pandor,
an AI created by Varis.
Did you say Varis created an AI?
When I woke up this morning,
that is not
what I expected to hear.
But hey, if I've changed,
he can change too.
Speaking from one AI to another,
why don't you--
(grunts)
Hmmm.
Speaking from one AI to another
it is in your best interest
to leave immediately.
Seems that Varis forgot
to program you with any manners.
Varis placed me here
to protect Zaizen,
and that is what I will do.
Is there really nothing I can
say to change your mind?
Negative,
absolutely not.
Then it seems you're
giving me no choice
but to defeat you
in a duel.
I anticipated that this
would be your thinking.
That is why
I have analyzed
every single piece
of data about you.
So you're ready for anything
and everything, huh?
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's take this outside!
Be sure to enjoy the fresh
breeze while you can.
It's a long way down, Pandor,
and you don't have a parachute.
I can say the same for you.
(Both)
Time to duel!
I'll go first.
I summon PIKARI @IGNISTER!
Its special ability allows me
to draw IGNISTER A.I.LAND.
I use PIKARI...
to Link Summon
Link 1 LINGURIBOH!
Next, I activate
IGNISTER A.I.LAND!
It summons a Level 4
or lower @IGNISTER
that's in my hand.
Here's ACHICHI @IGNISTER!
Your opening moves
are similar to what I observed
in your battle against Gore
so none of these moves
can catch me off guard.
Well if it ain't broke,
why fix it!
So I'll keep it rollin'
by summoning HIYARI @IGNISTER!
If I have a monster
in the Extra Monster Zone,
which I most certainly do,
I can summon this turquoisian
teardrop next to its link.
Now I'll build my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require three Cyberse monsters!
Finally, it is time
to unleash a monster
forged from the darkest
depths of the shadows,
striking fear to all who witness
its majestic might!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER!
I expected you to summon that.
Then it's time for me
to throw you some curveballs.
First, IGNISTER A.I.LAND
summons BURURU @IGNISTER.
Then DARK TEMPLAR's
ability activates!
Since I summoned a monster
next to its link,
I can summon additional
monsters from my graveyard
next to its other arrows!
So HIYARI and ACHICHI
are back in play!
But they're not
sticking around for long
cuz I'm using them
to Link Summon again!
Rise up from the flames!
Link 3 FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
Next, I activate the spell card
A.I. MINE from my hand!
For every @IGNISTER on my field
that's Link 3 or higher,
I draw a card.
Then I'll place these
two cards facedown
and end my turn.
Hmmm.
What's wrong?
You're not smiling anymore,
which is good because this duel
was never a joke.
♪♪♪